
Question 1:	A “System“ consists of “Components“ and “Functions“. How would you describe a 		“Component” and a “Function” of a “System” in the “Automotive World”? Is a 			“System” okay 	if all its “Components” and “Functions” are okay?
		A “Component” is a physical part of a “System”. The “Function” is the task of that 		component. For example, a brake of a car represents the “Component” and to brake 		the car is its “Function”.
Question 2:	What stands the abbreviation “EDC” for? What´s the purpose of this “System”?
		“EDC” stands for “Electronic Diesel Control”. The purpose of the “EDC” is to collect 		sensor datas, process these signals and to control the engine.
Question 3:	Name and briefly describe the main 4 engineering “EDC”-fields!
		System Development		has to integrate the EDC into the whole car system
		Application (calibration)	creates the right parameters (lookup tables, 							constants and variables) to control the engine in the 						best possible way
		Components (hardware)	is there to design the components electrical and 						mechanical parts
Components (software)		has to program the software of a components micro 					processor
Question 4:	The “EDC” is an electronic “System”. Why we use nowadays such an electronic 			“System” and not a mechanical “System” in the “Automotive World”?
With rising complexity the effort for a mechanical Systems gets really big. Nowadays we can design safe and redundant electric systems that can be handled also if they are very complex in functionality.
Question 5:	What are the differences in the illustrations of the “p-V-diagram” and “p-a-diagram”?
The p-V-diagram illustrates the pressure over volume. You can see and calculate the work of the cylinder.
With a p-a-diagram you can see the emphasis of the combustion.
Question 6:	Why is the “specific fuel consumption” of diesel engines smaller than the “specific fuel consumption” of gasoline engines?
	Cause a diesel engine has a better thermal utilization of the combustion with higher pressure and temperature gradients. Diesel fuel also has a higher energy density than gasoline fuel, due to this there is more carbon for the combustion.
QL1a		Intro + System-Overview EDC (I)
Chandra Sekar Venkataramani, Tan Loc Nguyen, Markus Lindner

